Documentation for event system (#1)
HelenaLykstoft/OLA_Trailer_SysInt: README.md

# OLA_Trailer_SysInt

## Event diagram explanation
This is our documentation for our event diagram. 

We havde made 7 different diagrams based on the MyTrailer rental case study.

First, we want to explain the color codes we have made: 
(Images/ColorCodes.png)

Orange: event. This is something that has happened in the system
Blue: command. This is the command that triggers the stuff after
Purple: policy. This is a rule that the system follows
Yellow: actor. This is the actor of the system
Red: possible problems. This is the possible problems that can happen in the system

> Beige: aggreate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beige: aggregate: defines a 'has-a' relationship between two classes, where one object contains one or more other objects.
```

#### Long term booking process
If it is a long term trailer rent, then the whole process is sent to the external long term booking system, as shown below:

![alttxt](Images/ExternalTrailerLongtermBooking.png)

This is an external system, that we dont have to account for. This model shows the long term renter searching for long term packages, then the packages is listed together with the trailer locations.

### Payment systems
After this, we have two different payment systems: The trailer return late fee system and the trailer payment system for advertisement. 

#### Late fee system
The first payment system, the trailer return late fee system, is if the trailer renter havent returned the trailer in time, then a late fee is added. 

![alttxt](Images/TrailerReturnLatefeeSystem.png)

This image shows the renter returning the trailer, and the system checking if it is returned late. If it has been returned too late, the late fee is added and the fee is withdrawn from the customer, and then the process continues. Otherwise, the process just continues, and the trailer is returned as usual and the confirmation gets sent to the customer.

#### Payment system for advertisement

> The second payment system, the trailer payment system for advertisement, is the system that allows business partners like Fog and Jem & Fix to advertise on the trailers. The business partners pay for advertisement, and in return the trailer company puts ads on the trailers and stores the trailers at the business partners locations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Through a partnership with the businesses/locations that store our trailers, we offer custom advertisements on the trailers (logos, text, etc.). When customers rent our trailers at these locations (e.g., at Jem & Fix, Fog, or Q8), the trailers function as mobile billboards for their businesses. They pay us for the advertisements, and in return, we are allowed to park our trailers on their premises free of charge. This process demonstrates how this is achieved through event storming.```
